Erbao stop
Stinky pussies toast without eating punishment wine
Since you don't know the ruling
Then let everyone have fun with the dragon ginseng wedding
Aren't you afraid of angering the Qiao family?
You also know the importance the Qiao family attaches to me
If you move, my Qiao family will not let you go.
Aren't you right about Nangong Group?
Robbed you
The position of the richest man in Jingzhou is haunted
Why don't you cooperate with me?
Let Longcheng Group surpass Nangong Group
Become the next richest person in the country
You are Nangong Ye's wife
Why should I believe you?
Didn't you say it before?
actually
I'm also tired of working for Master Nangong
Be a cow and a horse all day long
Go home and be targeted by grandma
I think your proposal is good
Count you
But
Why do I think you can get the Joes to help me?
With my Qiao family seal
The next generation of the Qiao family
What is the head of the Qiao family?
Although the original
The birth of that kid is the illegitimate child of Nangong Group
promised
Will give me half of the shares of Nangong Group
But it's still not enough in front of the Qiao family, the richest man in the country
And who knows?
Will the native kid follow like last time?
i
What a show
Miss Song
eloquence
Even I'm a little tempted